forget that we might be very proud of
our All Blacks
and hobbits and mountains but the fact
is there's only one thing New Zealand
means to foreigners you're going to New
Zealand the Sheep capital of the world
they all know the statistic you know
there's 15 what you were those sheep
every person and they genuinely think a
lot of them that the Sheep just
wandering around the streets do you go
somewhere you go to London they're all I
got you're all sheep shaggers aren't you
yeah people overseas do you know they do
believe that we shake sheep it's not
like a joke but the thing is we really
do love our sheep they move nicely and
they have a nice noise that can go in
the background and if one of them goes
you know you integra see they recently
staged a sheep run designed to rival
pantalones Running of the Bulls
we'd almost convinced the world there
was more to us than shape when this
thing turned up he was the mother of all
shape a wild weather with a thickest
coat of woolen christendom and if you
were to stretch these fibers end to end
they would reach right around the world
an instant star Shrek got face time with
the PM more importantly he went global
as far as the Sheep like Shrek I just
feel sorry for I think that they when
they found it they shouldn't have said
anything and shot it but they never shot
Shrek for a start he had important
business on an iceberg Shrek the woolly
Marino was today Shaun at sea high on an
icy plateau drifting north from the
Antarctic how could we make this ice bit
better we can fly a sheep over there and
shear it what a stupid thing to do
stupid stupid thing to do can't believe
we did it
if Shrek taught us anything it's that
our sheep own us not the other way
around and maybe it's worth it just for
the sheep jokes a man walks into the
bedroom his wife's in bed he's got sheep
with him and he says this is the pig and
his wife says that's not a pig it's a
sheep and he says I wasn't talking to
you why do we have a woman in New
Zealand because she can't type now we
get a bit of flack overseas for the
whole sheep thing sheep shaggers they
say this is what I say to them yes
actually we do we shag them and then we
send them over to you and you eat them
who's laughing now alright that's it for
this week we'll see you next week when
we count down the top 10 see ya
saucy boy
he's still recording
coming up next week it's the final
countdown
if watched this far it'd be crazy to
miss number one
two degrees and their giant blue logo
we're proud to bring you rock to the
nation
I'm in a cherry popper I mean cherry
picker sorry cherry poppers something
different we've reached a pop-culture
top tic are the Aussies have got their
tune these moments
we've supported by two degrees it's the
final countdown to us our pop culture
stories next Monday on c4 this program